Classroom Video On Demand Media Filter
====================================================
To use this plugin, your school must have an active subscription to Classroom Video on Demand.  If you have an active subscription, please contact our support department at (video.support@infobase.com) and request your Key and Secret.

If you do not have an active subscription, you may sign up for a free trial using our Free Trial Registration page:  https://freetrial.infobase.com/.

Transforms Classroom Video on Demand content URLs generated by the Classroom Video repository plugin into the product's embedded media player. Supports full video, video segments, custom content, and web channels.

Requires installation and use of the Classroom Video on Demand repository plugin.


Installation
=====================================================
Download the new Filter zip file.

Extract the contents of the zip to your computer.

You will end up withs:
        cvod-filter-vxrx (where X is the latest version and release candidate)

Copy the filter/<product> into path/to/your/moodle/filters/

Once both folders have been uploaded to their respective directories on the server, return to Site Administration and click on Notifications.

Moodle should be prompting you to install/upgrade the new plugin now. Click Upgrade Moodle database now.

Click Continue on the Success page to complete the installation/upgrade.
    
The repository and filter must be configured now.


Filter Configuration
======================================================
In order for content to display in Moodle, you must enable the product Filter.
    
Go to Site Administration --> Plugins --> Manage Filters.
    
Locate the product filter and verify Active is set to "On"

Return to your Moodle course and begin embedded your product content.


Using the Filter
======================================================
Refer to this help article for instructions on how to use the filter and repository plugin.

https://infobase-cvod.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360011975413-Using-the-Moodle-Repository-Plugin